3. Test that when RMB down, a missile is produced.
3a. Test that no other mouse button produces missiles.
4. Test that when the spacebar is down, a missile is produced.
4a. Test that no other key produces missiles.
(3,4 implies 2)
5. Test that no more than five missiles appear when the missile trigger is constantly held.
6. Test that a missile reaching the screen border is removed.
6a. Test that the above allows the user to fire more missiles.
7. Test that the position delta of a missile from one tick to another is a constant vertical value.
(7 implies 9)
8. Test that the initial position of a missile is at the centre-bottom of the screen.
11. Test that a missile triggers collision logic when it touches a ship
12. Test that the collision logic displays an explosion at the touch point, removes the missile and ship, and accumulates the hit.
12a. Test that doing so allows more missiles and ships to launch
(12 implies 13,14)
16. Test that ships are produced during gameplay.
17. Test that launching is triggered when no ships exist.
(17 implies 16)
18. Test that the ships properly reflect changes in the configuration
19. Test that the ship image is the same as what is expected for that type
19a. Test that the ship image exists to begin with
20. Test that the ship launching is sufficiently random
20a. Test that the configuration defaults ship launch rate to 30%
21. Test that the occurrence of all possible ship types is equally distributed over the long term
22. Test that there are never more than ten ships tracked and on screen
22a. Test that attempts to launch ships at this limit do not succeed
23. Test that launch locations are sufficiently random
24. Test that ship launches appear on both the left and right sides
25. Test that ship launches only appear on the top two-thirds of the screen
26. Test that the ship speed matches that expected for it's type
26a. Test that all ship types actually have speeds defined
27. Test that the ship's direction matches that of the side from which it was launched
28. Test that a ship reaching the opposite screen border from where it was launched is removed.
28a. Test that doing so allows another ship to launch
30. Test that the game ends when the hit count is ten
31. Test that the game ends when LMB is down
32. Test that the game ends when <ESC> is down
33. Test that the game ends when a five-minute timer expires after the user has not fired missiles
