Team 2 - Elliott Kaferle, Oluwatofunmi Olubiyi, Raekwon Adams-Rodgers
WCK - good traceability
need some more error checking of what could go wrong with configuration files; e.g. what if you set frequency rate to 0% (in conflict with requirements where
a ship must be launched if no ships on the screen; how does the app handle it; how should it handle it)
For #25 (req #22) you could set the config rate at 100% to force maximum number of ships and verify it is 10
I think something is missing in line 33
I like the last one.
Overall, good job



Do missiles have collison with themselves?
1-3. Press right click and space bar and make sure they launch a missile.
4. Make sure no other key other than right click and space launch a missile.
5. Try to launch 6 at a time.
6. have 5 missiles go off the screen then try to fire one more.
7,9. launch 2 missiles rapidly and see if their speed changes.
8. launch a missile and make sure it comes from the same place everytime.

11. launch a missile and make contact with a ship.
12. when making contact, make sure there is an explosion occuring.
13,28. when making contact with either the side of the screen or the missile, make sure the ship and the missile is removed.
14. when a ship is hit make sure counter goes up.
11-14. if the missile misses, make sure that the missile continues up and the ship continues its path.

16. When the program is launched, look for ships comming from the sides of the screen.
17. when there are no ships on the screen, make sure that one is on its way.
18,19,21. Only have one type spawn then change it to two types then three. Each time you ddo this make sure they are about evenly distrubuted.(50%, 33%). Make sure the right image is being display on the type of ship you chose to spawn.
20. Change the rate at which the ships spawn and make it really fast to notice a difference, then change it back to 30% and if there is a change then it works.
22.leave the program running for a few minutes and make sure there is no more than 10 ships at a time.
23. Make sure that ships are not comming from the same spot everytime.
24. Make sure there is about an even spit of ships coming from the left and right side.
25. Make sure no ship is launched below the bottom third of the screen.
26. Make sure each type of ship has the same speed (type 1 = 50px, type 2 = 75px, type 3 = 100px)
27. If no ships are showing up then this might be the problem. They are instantly getting removed because they are going the wrong way.

30. Reach 10 and see if the game ends.
31. make sure the game ends when either the left mouse is clicked or the esc button is clicked.
32. Make sure no other button closes the game prematurly.
33. Set a timer and wait 5 minutes for the game to end. Wait 2 minutes and launch a missile then wait 5 minutes to make sure the game ends from when the missile is launched and not from the start of the game.
